---
layout: post
title: '2D Vector'
---

These are some of the 2D vector illustrations I have created over the years.

Oh, by the way, you will see 3 penguins popping by :wink:. It's my favorite
animal. :penguin:

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/windows.png" %}

A derivative work of one of the illustrations I made for 42tm's Linux Command
Line Guide.

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/stayhome-park.png" %}

A message I was trying to get across with a vector illustration. A park is a
nice place that everyone enjoys. However, during COVID-19, due to social
distancing practice, outdoor leisures have significantly declined. I wanted
people in my community (that is, the Earth) to stay home, and to deliver that
simple message, I embedded it in an illustration of a park&mdash;something many
people and I are excited to visit after quarantine.

I almost always want to evoke positive emotions (especially joy) in my art, and
I think this piece reflects that.

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/penguin-kur.png" %}

An illustration of an Emperor Penguin I created for one of my biology projects
at school. Normally I would not post illustrations for school projects on
[my Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/thechonkypenguin), but I did for this
one.

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/interior-001.png" %}

A vector trace of an interior design. Working on the shadows was particularly
fun to me!

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/penguin.png" %}

Another penguin vector trace. Look how indefferent he is! This is one of my
early vector traces, so yeah, I failed at the wing, as much as some paths aren't
too smooth. 

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/golden-record.png" %}

A vector trace of the making of the
[Voyager Golden Record](https://voyager.jpl.nasa.gov/golden-record/), containing
images, sounds, and music that are parts of the big picture of the Earth. To me,
it is one of the coolest manmade artifacts. And there is a very emotional
[soundtrack](https://soundcloud.com/melodysheep/children-of-planet-earth) about
it, too.

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/penguin-bw.png" %}

Have you ever wished that the logo of the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)
featured a penguin instead of a panda? This is what I came up with when I did.
Apparently, penguins save ink, too!

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/Wine-Europe.png" %}

A map of wine regions in Europe I created for my father.

{% include image.html image="projects/2d-vector/earth-day-2020.png" %}

The Earth is surprisingly round. I know, after working on this little fun piece.
