---
layout: post
title: 'Logos'
---

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/42tm.png" %}

The old logo of [42tm](https://github.com) (right) and the new one (left). 42tm
is a computer programming team of highly capable high school students (most of
them have gone to universities). As part of establishing our identity, I decided
that our team number&mdash;42&mdash;would be both in our team name and on our
logo. There are a bunch of reasons why 42 is our team number: it is a
programming magic number, the ASCII code for the asterisk symbol (which is a
wildcard for _everything_), and of course, the Answer to the Ultimate Question
of Life, the Universe, and Everything, as computed by _Deep Thought_ in
_The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy_. It symbolizes our philosophy and our
approach to software development: solutions to everything, for everyone.

As we continue to uphold the number 42, it has persisted a steady presence
throughout our logo history. The graphics have changed a lot, but the number 42
has always been expressed in one way or the other. Our first logo (right) was
simple: the number 42 in white on a grey background. Overtime, we have added
graphics to the logo, and finally ended up with the one on the left&mdash;a
semi-flat themed logo. The blue circle&mdash;a symbolization of the Earth and
our open-source, international approach to shipping software&mdash;is seen
wrapped around two brackets&mdash;a familiar image associated with computer
programming, especially HTML. Together with the orbiting planet (orange circle)
and the comet (in white), these brackets form an image of the number 42. All of
this is in the realm of a beautiful violet-pinky nebula.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/webdev.png" %}

The logo of the _WebDev - Mutual assistance/learning_ Discord server which I am
a member of. We are a group of close friends assisting and learning with each
other about web development.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/better-readme.png" %}

The logo of [The Better README Project](https://betterread.me). Simple like the
team's philosophy in regard of Readmes and software documentation.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/free-tshirts.png" %}

Dark and light variants of [The Free T-shirts
Campaign](https://you-create.github.io/free-tshirts). As its name suggest, the
Campaign awards t-shirts for contributors of open-source. A logo in which the
familiar pull request icon is pictured on a t-shirt perfectly draws an overall
image of the Campaign: create pull requests, and you will deserve yourself a
t-shirt for being a part of the proud free software community.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/jsdoc-discord.png" %}

3 variants of a logo I made for an unofficial JSDoc Discord server. The owner
ended up choosing the left most one. Simple, elegant, yet does its job. The
letters _s_ and _d_ along with the straight stroke underneath them form an image
of a programmer's face.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/vecma.png" %}

The logo of [Vecma](https://vecma-org.github.io)&mdash;an Initiative I created
to draw together students of linear algebra and computer graphics. Vecma is a
portmanteau of the names of 2 key linear algebra quantities: <b>vec</b>tors and
<b>ma</b>trix. Its logo also reflects this: the V stands for Vecma, and is also
intendedly shaped like the head of a vector. The square resembles a matrix.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/svgsalad.png" %}

The logo of SVG Salad&mdash;a team of illustrators and developers who love the
Scalable Vector Graphics format. A plate of salad is like a work in SVG: there
are multiple elements in various shapes and colors, and some elements are placed
on top of some others. But in food preparing, a plate of salad is a piece of art
only when all of its elements&mdash;tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, cheese,
cucumbers, vegetables, etc.&mdash;are properly aligned, like a beautiful piece
of SVG itself.

{% include image.html image="projects/logos/VIP1.png" %}

A logo I made for my father's gift shop. The design was his; I only made it
tangible using SVG and exported the logo in PNG.
